README.md, before:

**This is our mobile payment systems appliction.**

**LCOM4 & Relatedness**

NotificationController – LCOM4 = 1, there are 2 methods that access notifications. 
NotificationModel – LCOM4 = 1, multiple methods are independent, but one method accesses multiple classes.
NotificaitonView – LCOM4 = 2, the method of showNotification only takes in notification.
PaymentManagementController – LCOM4 = 2, multiple methods pointing to their own attributes
PaymentManagementModel – LCOM4 = 1, Multiple methods relating to one attribute and multiple attributes relating to one method.
PaymentManagementView – LCOM4 = 0, no methods at this time.
TransactionManagementController – LCOM4 = 1 method accessing multiple attributes.
TransactionManagementModel – LCOM4 = 2, multiple methods accessing multiple attributes.
TransactionManagementView – LCOM4 = 0, no methods or attributes at this time.
UserAuthentication – LCOM4 = 1, multiple attributes accessing multiple methods
UserManagementController – LCOM4 = 0, multiple methods only accessing a single attribute inside the method.
UserManagementModel – LCOM4 = 2, each attribute is accessed by one method
UserManagementView – LCOM4 = 2, each attribute is accessed by one method
Team Member ID + Name	Contribution in The Particular Assignment



Ethan Snyder: 1 Helped build out modules, javadocs and tests
August Wolf: 2 Helped build out modules, javadocs and tests
Zach Carson: 3	Helped build out modules, javadocs and tests
Juan Oliver: 4	Helped build out modules, javadocs and tests

Commit message:

Added a description of M02 -A03 to the README.md file and added group member contributions to the file as well.

README.md, after:

**This is our mobile payment systems appliction.**

**LCOM4 & Relatedness**

NotificationController – LCOM4 = 1, there are 2 methods that access notifications. 
NotificationModel – LCOM4 = 1, multiple methods are independent, but one method accesses multiple classes.
NotificaitonView – LCOM4 = 2, the method of showNotification only takes in notification.
PaymentManagementController – LCOM4 = 2, multiple methods pointing to their own attributes
PaymentManagementModel – LCOM4 = 1, Multiple methods relating to one attribute and multiple attributes relating to one method.
PaymentManagementView – LCOM4 = 0, no methods at this time.
TransactionManagementController – LCOM4 = 1 method accessing multiple attributes.
TransactionManagementModel – LCOM4 = 2, multiple methods accessing multiple attributes.
TransactionManagementView – LCOM4 = 0, no methods or attributes at this time.
UserAuthentication – LCOM4 = 1, multiple attributes accessing multiple methods
UserManagementController – LCOM4 = 0, multiple methods only accessing a single attribute inside the method.
UserManagementModel – LCOM4 = 2, each attribute is accessed by one method
UserManagementView – LCOM4 = 2, each attribute is accessed by one method
Team Member ID + Name	Contribution in The Particular Assignment


**M02 - A03**
We added methods to each of the different classes and made sure that there were stubs that were
ready for testing in them. We then created a testHarness class where we called the methods from the 
controllers and made sure that our API design was working. The testHarness class works as it should
and we instantiate the controllers which in turn instantiate more. 


Ethan Snyder: 1 Helped build out modules, javadocs and tests
August Wolf: 2 Helped build out modules, javadocs and tests
Zach Carson: 3	Helped build out modules, javadocs and tests
Juan Oliver: 4	Helped build out modules, javadocs and tests
